[DOCS] Updates the "Interactive Mode" guide for creating Expectations (#7624)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/expectations/components_how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_from_a_sample_batch_of_data/_preface.mdx

- [Created a Datasource](/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_data_overview).

</Prerequisites>

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```
I really dislike _Steps_.  It's a personal bias. What will users achieve after completing this procedure? Create a meaningful heading.

Author: Let's set up an information architecture review meeting and revise our standards for formatting how-to guides -- making a change to the current standards is out of scope for this PR.

> ### 1. Import Great Expectations and get a Data Context

Reviewer: Why are you using empty headings instead of a simple procedure? This information would be better presented as a procedure. All of the headings make it visually cluttered.

Author: The use of headings was to build out the right hand navigation, which is automatically built by Docusaurus based on headers.  I think we should revisit this, update our doc standards, and then standardize the changes as it's own work - revising our current style guidance would be out of scope for this PR.

### 2. Build a Batch Request using a previously created Data Asset

### 3. Create a Validator

:::info Working outside of a Jupyter Notebook

> In a Jupyter notebook, the results of a given cell will automatically be displayed when the cell is run.  If you are working in a different interpreter, you may need to explicitly print these results, instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Jupyter Notebook, the results for a given cell are automatically displayed when you run the cell.  If you're using a different interpreter, you might need to add the following method to explicitly print these results:
```

```python title="Python code" name="tests/integration/docusaurus/validation/validator/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_fluent.py inspect_data_no_jupyter"
```

:::

### 4. Create an Expectation

:::info Working outside of a Jupyter Notebook

> Again, if you are not working in a Jupyter Notebook you may need to explicitly print your results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a different interpreter, you might need to add the following method to explicitly print these results:
```

```python title="Python code" name=name="tests/integration/docusaurus/validation/validator/how_to_create_and_edit_expectations_with_instant_feedback_fluent.py interactive_validation_no_jupyter"
```

:::

> ### 5. Repeat step 4 to edit the Expectation's values or add additional Expectations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Repeat step 4 to edit Expectation values or add additional Expectations
```

> ### 6. Save your Expectations for future use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6. Save your Expectations
```
